In the previous lecture, I showed you how to run a duck image using the duck run command, but that
is just one way in which you can deploy docker containers in this lecture.
I will show you how to deploy docker containers with Docker Campos and also how you can deploy docker
containers as Docker services with Docker Stack deploy and docker swarm.
The first thing that we need to do is to copy the Docker file that we created in the Point 2.0 authorization
service into the route directories of each of our military services, starting with the User Command
API project.
Secondly, let's add it to the user query API.
OK, and then we can add it to our API gateway.
Then go ahead to the bank account command API and then finally to the bank account query API.
Now, importantly, the Docker file is exactly the same for each of our micro services projects.
Now go ahead and open the application that Winmar file of the bank account query API.
We will again make use of spring profiles.
So let's go ahead and make a copy of an application that Waymouth file and then change it to application
hiw and DOCA to specify that this is the application.
That why a mouthful of our Dukkha profile.
Go ahead and change the Mongo DB host to Mongar container.
So let's get the name of my school container and the X on container.
So we've got my school container for my school and X on hyphen server, for example.
And in the euro, all of the data source of the MySQL connection string change localhost to my school
container.
And then we need to explicitly specify the exact server with X on X on server servers and then add the
container name X on hyphen server.
Now if you connecting to localhost, you do not have to specify an X on server that lets KDDI into the
bank account query API directory.
Then go ahead and run Mavin clean install, importantly, every time before you build a Docker image,
you must make sure that you build your project so that the change takes effect.
OK, so I'm going to open my terminal.
I'm going to see the into bank account query API and I am going to build my Docker image with Duck-billed
Dashty for tag with our image name.
Let's call it bank axi hyphen query hyphen api forward slash dot because that's where Dufka file is
located.
And there we go.
We now have a docker image for our bank account query API.
Okay.
Navigate to the bank account command API project.
And again, make a copy of the application at Vimal File.
Also, call it application hyphen Dukkha for Dukkha profile and then make sure that you open the application
docket or Winmar file, change the Monga TV host to Mongul contain as well.
And then they just close some of those application files and copy the excellent server section to explicitly
tell the bank account Camonte API to connect to the Xen server container.
OK, now let's go ahead and build our project just into the bank account.
Camonte API project the.
And then ran everything clean install.
OK.
Let's go to into the bank account Camonte API directory and again to build the image Sido, Dukkha,
bold, high Fanti for tech, let's give it an image name bank I.C.C. Hyphen, ACMD, hyphen API, space
dot.
And there we go.
Docker image successfully but they.
OK, so now let's navigate to the User Command API project
again.
Make a copy of the application or properties file.
Call it application hyphen dot properties.
OK.
First, it's copy the Exxon server section now just changed the Waymouth format to Exxon dot Exxon server
dot serve as equals to Exxon hyphen server and then also go ahead and change the Mungai DB host to Mongo
hyphen container.
OK, so now let's go ahead and build our User Command API project.
I'm just going to see into the User Management and User Command API project again and then clean install
and it should build successfully.
So again, I'm using the terminal.
You can do it straight in your head if you've got a terminal in your ID like intelligence, but I'd
like to do it in the external terminal.
Again, pseudo docker both hyphen tea and for image name let's use user hyphen KDDI hyphen API space
dot.
And there we go.
We've got a docker image use a command API.
Next up is our User Query API project.
So, again, go ahead and make a copy of the application, not properties file, and we are again going
to call it application hyphen Dukkha DOT properties for DOCA spring profile.
OK, then copy the excellent service section.
And copy the Mongar, contain a section for the Mungai TV host, and then we can go ahead and build
our user query API project is going to go back and then KDDI into the user query API directory, M.V.
and clean install.
And again, everything should build successfully.
Now let's just clear the screen there.
OK, so just make sure that you go to the user query API directory.
And again, let's build the docker image with pseudo docker, both hiw and T image name.
Let's call it user query API space dot and we have a docker image.
OK, so the last configuration file that we have to configure is for the API Gateway.
So, again, go ahead and make a copy of the application at Winmar file and likewise call it application
hyphen DOCA.
And then in here, we are going to change localhost with the names that we are going to give our containers.
So for the User Command API, we going to call it user hyphen CMD, hyphen API.
So go ahead and copy that.
And also pasted for the update user route, as well as to remove user route.
And then for the user query API, we're going to call it user hyphen query hyphen API.
OK, now for the bank account command API.
Let's use bank I.C.C. hyphen CMB, hyphen API again.
Copy that for the deposit funds route as well as the withdrawal funds rate and the close account rate.
And then finally the bank account query API.
We're going to call it bank axi hyphen query hyphen API.
OK, so let's go ahead and KDDI into our API Gateway project.
And then again, bolded with envy in cleaning stop and everything, but successfully.
So now we can build a darker image for API Gateway as well, again with using darker pulled hyphenated
color image API hyphen Gateway.
Space thought for Dr. Farley is located, and there we go, the next thing that you have to do is to
install Dr. Campos, navigate to Dr. Dr. Dot com forward slash Campo's forward slash install.
There you can find installation guidelines on Mac, Windows, Windows Server, Linux and also alternative
install options.
I already have Dr. Campos installed, so I'm going to run the Dukkha Campo's version command.
And then you can see I've got vision one point twenty five point zero.
OK, now go ahead and create a folder somewhere on your computer.
I'm going to call my doc the exercise files and then in there I'm going to create another folder called
Spring Bank.
OK, now I'm going to create a new text file and this is going to be the Dukkha Campo's file.
So let's go ahead and save it into that directory.
Just going to browse for that directory that I just created.
There we go.
The Spring Bank directory and the name should be exactly DOCA or lowercase hyphen composed dot y Emelle.
OK, so now we can start to configure the darker Kapos file.
OK, first let's set a version.
We are going to use version three point seven and then DOCA Campo's allows us to specify one or more
services or containers.
So let's start with the user Camonte API.
Let's call it user hyphen any hyphen API.
And then the indentation is always two spaces for our container name.
We need to use that very same name because importantly, that's the name that we used in our API gateway.
So again, user simply API and then for image it is also user the API.
That's what we used when we built our image and then specify the latest version then for the restart
policy.
Set it to always.
Ports will use Port 881 for external as well as internal, and then we need to set our spring profile
and we can do that by setting an environmental variables environment.
And the next line, we will specify the spring profile that is active this spring and the school profiles
and the school active equals Dukkha that will make sure that our application hyphen and docketed properties
file will be loaded.
OK, just go ahead and copy all of that
and they change.
User seemed to use a query.
OK, so I'm just going to copy, query and replace it everywhere and then change the port to port to.
OK, let's copy both of those to simplify our bank account APIs, so let's change user with bank I.C.C..
I'll be back and see the exchange user with bank axi everywhere, OK, now for the ports 1991 external
and 1991 Internal Bank Account Command API and the 1992 external and 1992 internal for the bank account
query API.
And then finally, let's add a service for the API Gateway.
And then they just copy everything else there, the container name will simply be API hyphen Gateway.
Go ahead and copy that name because we used that very same name for the image when we built our image
and then changed the port to Port 2000 external and Port 2000 internal.
We need to specify the network that all of our containers are going to be part of because we want to
make sure that they can see the Mongar container as well as the MySQL container and the action server
container.
So all of those containers are in the spring.
Banknorth
So make sure that you set your network to Spring Banknorth.
I see that I didn't overwrite that one user with bank I.C.C., so just make sure that it is bank account
query API.
So now I'm just going to see to the directory that spring bank directory inside of the Docker directory.
OK, and in the command to deploy docker containers with Dukkha Campo's is Dukkha hyphen Campo's up
hyphen D for detached.
There you can see that a user query API, Command API, bank card command API, Backbreaker Query API
and API, Gateway container has been deployed and let's run Docker Place again.
And there you can see all of our containers that are running.
Open Posman, let's get a JWT.
And then let's first try the bank account, Look-Up, five point two thousand just at the JWT, they.
And then we get a response successfully return three bank accounts.
We can also try to hit it directly 1992 and we also get a response.
And through the gateway again for use, look up.
Let's use the same JWT.
And we also get a response from the user query API and then directly attached to it.
Likewise, we get a response.
OK.
The open bank account method is fine, it hits for one, we not going create a bank account now, nor
are we going to deposit funds or withdraw funds, but it hits methods, close bank account the same.
We don't want to close a case with dorkus.
Swarm is the next step.
You need to run the command docker's swarm in it to initialised dorkus swarm.
Dorkus swarm is a mini container orchestration engine.
Go ahead and run Dukkha composed down because we are now going to use DOCA swarm as the next step to
deploy our Docky images as services, so create a new file.
Dr. Campo's hyphens Tector Vimal and copy in the contents of the DOCA composed Vimal file.
Now something that you can add to a Docker compose file that is going to be deployed as a stack is replicas.
So with a swarm, if you add more than one replica, the Dockers swarm engine will basically auto load
balance the different instances of your service.
So if your services gets more hits, you can just simply add more replicas to it.
And that's a very powerful feature.
Now, the ports needs to change slightly because if we don't do that, Docker Swarm will actually make
the mode ingress so we won't be able to access it.
So change the port section to Target 881 the next line published 881.
So that's terminal for the external internal port then specify protocol as TCP and then most importantly
the mode as host so that we can actually access these containers or services.
And that's just go ahead and copy those sections, deploy replicas and the ports over to the user,
query API, change of containers or services, TCP, IP and then most importantly the mode change the
to 882.
And then go ahead and copy it over to the bank account, command API, change the port to nineteen ninety
one.
And then go ahead and copy everything up to deploy and post it for the bank account, query API as well,
change the port to 1990 to.
And then finally for the API Gateway and change support to 2000.
So to just confirm that doorkeepers containers are not running and to deploy them with stack deploy
the command is dorkus stack deploy.
Campo's Hyphen filed.
Dr. Hyphen Campo's, hyphen Steck, Todd Vimal, follow that stack file and then we need to give our
Stecker name.
Let's call it Spring Bank.
And that creates all of our services so we can run the following command, dorkus services, police,
and they you will see that all of our services are listed with replicas one out of one.
But if you run a piece, you will see that the container name starts with Spring Bank and the school.
Open basement again and again, you will see that we are getting a response, just get it, JWT.
They try the bank account, look up and we get a response as well as the user look up by the JWT and
we also get a look up.
OK, so to remove a stack, you can type dorkus that Aughrim Spring Bank.
And then run dorkiest service, Alice, you'll see no services, the pseudo appears, no containers
of such, and then they just deploy our services again.